---
title: 'September 25th, 2023'
date: '2023-09-23'
---


Today didn’t look good. Not good at all. There was talk last Friday about 10 yr yields rising, leading to uncertainty in equities and money exiting from stocks. Specifically big tech is down. It was overvalued, many tickers such as TSLA having huge earnings multiples.

SPX was up .4% today, and much of big tech was up, but that doesn’t change the fact that many equities were deeply in the red today. 
As for my personal portfolio: NWL down 2%. (That was a bad trade! I’m now down 13.71% overall) GEO down .66% to 7.53 a share. That’s not too bad for GEO, it will start paying off big in the long run. LVLU down 3.4% to 1.99 a share. Don’t expect too much from penny stocks, only volatility. UWMC down 1.6% to 4.89 a share. CRSR up 3 cents to 14.62. NIO down 2.11% to 8.35 a share. But, as Warren Buffett would say, I shouldn’t let these disappointing ticker prices concern me because the true value of a stock is not dependent on ticker price, but rather on intrinsic value. I would do better to simply ignore the price of each market close and instead only pay attention to quarterly earnings reports to decide whether I want to hold.

But, also, price to me does matter in the short term. What writing this post is revealing to me is that my portfolio sucks. Deeply. A lot of deadweight stocks that I am too afraid to get rid of because they are near the bottom anyways so I might as well just hold my money there until it recoups.

The only high quality stocks I had, I sold for gains over the past year.  Aside from GEO of course, which I will hold until it realizes its intrinsic value. But GBX I sold for 40% gain, HPP I sold at a decent gain, MLKN I sold at a 29% gain, and la di da. So I have had winners in the past I have just sold them for profits and let the deadweight sink the rest of my port.

As for now, we are waiting for CPI in mid October but we can expect bad things in the coming weeks. The economy is growing robustly leading the Fed to pressure it with at least one more rate hike in the future. They will also leave rates higher for longer in the future, possibly all of 2024. Stocks won’t react well to that.
